docs: document missing support for default codeowners in GitLab (#35305)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

- [GitLab, Code Owners](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/codeowners/)
- [Bitbucket, Set up and use code owners](https://support.atlassian.com/bitbucket-cloud/docs/set-up-and-use-code-owners/)

> Please note that default owners are currently not supported on GitLab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: GitLab CODEOWNERS files with default owners are unsupported. See [#29202](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/issues/29202).
```

Author: Added.

> Note: GitLab CODEOWNERS files with default owners are unsupported. See [#29202](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/issues/29202).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note: GitLab `CODEOWNERS` files with default owners are _not_ supported.
See [issue 29202 on the Renovate repository](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/issues/29202).
```

Author: Added.

- [GitLab, Code Owners](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/codeowners/)
- [Bitbucket, Set up and use code owners](https://support.atlassian.com/bitbucket-cloud/docs/set-up-and-use-code-owners/)

> Note: GitLab `CODEOWNERS` files with default owners are _not_ supported.
> See [#29202](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/issues/29202).

Reviewer: ```suggestionv
<!-- prettier-ignore -->
!!! note
    Note: GitLab `CODEOWNERS` files with default owners are _not_ supported. See [#29202](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/issues/29202).
```

Author: changed.

- [GitLab, Code Owners](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/codeowners/)
- [Bitbucket, Set up and use code owners](https://support.atlassian.com/bitbucket-cloud/docs/set-up-and-use-code-owners/)

> Please note that default owners are currently not supported on GitLab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: GitLab CODEOWNERS files with default owners are unsupported. See [#29202](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/issues/29202).
```

@HonkingGoose do you think we should use the special note syntax for this?

> Note: GitLab CODEOWNERS files with default owners are unsupported. See [#29202](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/issues/29202).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note: GitLab `CODEOWNERS` files with default owners are _not_ supported.
See [issue 29202 on the Renovate repository](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/issues/29202).
```

Changes:

- One sentence per line
- Descriptive link name
- Emphasize the _not_ keyword
- Style the codeowner filename

Author: Sorry, was on vacation, so I only read this today. I implemented your suggestion, I hope @rarkins is fine with this?

- [GitLab, Code Owners](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/codeowners/)
- [Bitbucket, Set up and use code owners](https://support.atlassian.com/bitbucket-cloud/docs/set-up-and-use-code-owners/)

> Note: GitLab `CODEOWNERS` files with default owners are _not_ supported.
> See [#29202](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/issues/29202).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- prettier-ignore -->
!!! note
    GitLab `CODEOWNERS` files with default owners are _not_ supported. See [#29202](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/issues/29202).
```

Author: Changed
